.NET Provider 8.1.0 release notes (#1016)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/MicrosoftExtensionsConfigurationAzureAppConfiguration.md

# Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.AzureAppConfiguration
[Source code][source_code] | [Package (NuGet)][package]

## 8.1.0 - February 13th, 2025
### Enhancements

> * Added the ability to monitor all selected key-values for refresh with the following new API. [#536](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/issues/536)

Reviewer: Can you make sure that the issue description is up to date with any design changes that came up during code reviews

Author: Updated from what I can tell, I'll double check the PR again

   ```cs
   public AzureAppConfigurationRefreshOptions RegisterAll()
   ```

   When this API is called, changes to any selected key-values will cause a reload of the configuration.
* Added the ability to check if the type of an `IConfigurationSource` is `AzureAppConfigurationSource` with the following new extension. [#456](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/issues/456)

   ```cs
   public static bool IsAzureAppConfigurationSource(this IConfigurationSource source)
   ```

### Bug Fixes
* Fixed a bug where changing a feature flag would always override an already loaded feature flag with the same key but different label on refresh. As part of this change, feature flags are now always refreshed as a collection, meaning a change in any selected flag will result in a reload of all selected feature flags on refresh. [#317](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/issues/317)

> * Fixed a bug where an unnecessary refresh could occur when a request to App Configuration was served from the cache. [#606](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/issues/606)

Reviewer: This has a better description: https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/issues/588

### Other Changes
* Removed support for the `configuration_reference` property in feature flags. [#614](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/pull/614)

> * Removed support for `AllocationId` in telemetry metadata. [#600](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/pull/600)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AllocationId` from feature flag telemetry metadata, which was added in 8.1.0-preview version, has been removed in this stable version. [#600](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/pull/600)
```
